there is a treacherous woman plaguing
the Seas of YouTube let's take a walk
back through MOOC Bank history eating
with queue once ate an entire 25 pound
lobster claw to the dome call me so the
that made me almost explode from
revulsion eating with Q is the bootleg
of a girl called so young so young no
fangs no no limit she eats her victims
alive
she makes eating with Q look like
fine-dining writhing in pain head first
into the demonic abyss of her mouth this
beautiful sweet kawaii girl from South
Korea she's so beautiful it makes me
want to simper her quite frankly until
you see the atrocities that this young
girl has done I will take you a walk to
the world of so young and be careful
dude because you're gonna want to simper
you're gonna want to smell her panties
resistor here is her most popular video
with 24 million views dancing live
squids
so buckle up buddies so here you can see
that she decapitates the living squid
discards the body but then like there's
things like this where she shows the
close-up on the head or she highlights
the brutality of of the act really of
just decapitating a living squid
[Music]
so what you're seeing is her pouring soy
sauce on on it on the severed head so
it's still alive and what it was it's
happening is it's writhing in pain as
you can imagine soul open on your
decapitated neck really there writhing
in pain and that's what they called live
dancing squid I don't understand why
does seafood get this exemption of like
you would never do this to a mammal or a
rat or a dog god forbid
pretty epic let's hit him with that
upbeat techno temple music look at the
dance party started with the writhing
decapitated heads of these squids baby
[Music]
she just goes mother oh god she just
throws down the whole head dude raw eel
it's coming in now cuz she wants to see
you know I don't know if you're ready
for this do we write this off as a
cultural difference I'm out yeah he was
out okay
I think she knows that if she wasn't
acting at least a little squeamish and
nervous about it then she would be seen
as a total sociopath but she clearly
loves torturing animals there's no
question about it
really thumbs up it doesn't look like
thumbs up so squid we have established
as intelligent octopus however many
people hold to be one of the most
intelligent creatures in the ocean
really is is the octopus its ability to
escape to camouflage to defend an attack
that is truly one of the great marvels
of the ocean cut to so young pulling
live living octopus onto a cutting table
next to its dead relatives to warn them
this is like some Game of Thrones
medieval [__] she's got the she's got
the cousins and the dad and the mom head
on a spike to overlook the destructions
is about to become them oh this is so
sick
MOOC bang that a I love though she
strokes those tentacles I'm telling you
dude there's some hentai going on here
you look can you give me a minute she's
stroking these tentacles and I might
need a moment
no see either don't sip for her don't
simp for so young and to be frank II
think she might be so young for you
anyway
[Laughter]
what exactly is the culinary value of
eating it while it's alive if she just
kept if she just like put them down
humanely I'm pretty sure the flavor
would be the same and you know its
writhing around in her stomach to like
because the tentacle continues
I'm out I have PTSD I've been looking at
this [__] all week
don't tell bikini bottom how bad it
really is out here you know I mean she's
basically Ursula from The Little Mermaid
watch her joy her meal as she ignores
the anguish of these octopus pour a
little sauce for a little sesame seed on
there writhing living remains look its
look at them they're writhing around
they're the close-up why the close-up
again that's the thing the suffering is
central to her videos otherwise why
would she do a close-up on them this is
the gnarliest one that we're gonna watch
today probably this one is a ASMR so you
know so if you are just looking to relax
put on your headphones kick back enjoy
the sounds of animals being eaten alive
I do recommend the ASMR experience to
you
[Music]
I'm gonna relax I know this is like ASMR
real sounds whispering and all that so
I'm just gonna a some arts right there
in the title so I'm gonna relax and I
invite you guys just to enjoy the the
sound of the ASMR as well so I'm just
gonna take a quick break here
[Applause]
Oh
no I don't want to hear it anymore ah
[Music]
there's so much better now after that
ASMR experience that feels so relaxed oh
this is my favorite part she takes a
makeup break she got a she puts her
makeup back on over the writhing corpses
of octopuses she has takes a moment to
reapply her makeup clearly disgusting
probably cry me definitely cruel but his
cruelty a central theme of her content
this video I believe proves yes let's
have a look she has the octopus she
seasoned them while alive and then she
barbecues them while they're live she
puts them on the grill if that is not
animal cruelty my friends on an octopus
as we've established when the smartest
creatures in the sea by the way this is
also tagged as a ASMR video so I invite
you all to put on your headphones and
relax
here she is exacting revenge on an
octopus that tried to escape slamming it
on the grill in anger I mean they have
to know that that the optimist is an
intelligent creature that is suffering
you can't burn it alive how are they
just ignoring that and just in case you
weren't totally convinced that Soyoung
is a succubus spawn from the depths of
hell here she is
consuming an entire raw liver in closing
there are some of you watching this that
are thinking I'm being too hard on her
I'm being xenophobic it's just a
cultural difference I'm just an ignorant
American well then how do you explain
this final video here beautiful girl in
the forest full of mysteries ah she's
dress up as Alice from Alice in
Wonderland wandering the forest and what
is this finding huh a living octopus in
the forest and eating it alive
a charming tale just like Disney told it
if one of those octopuses don't go up
her vagina by end of this video I'm
gonna be disappointed don't you eat that
eel don't you dare eat that living heel
it's so young don't you dare put that
ye'll in your vagina so young but you
dare put that heel in your butthole and
your vagina at the same time so young
cuz I will go to my bedroom right now
with this video and turn off this camera
and get a bottle of Vaseline well I'm
glad at least to say that there's still
weird enough stuff on YouTube that's
worth me making a video over so I mean
shout out really the moment we see her
start eating bats we need to sound the
alarms yeah that's too close that's too
close to bat it's got wings
we're not even over Cove in 19 I'm not
ready for Cove in 20 you know do we
still have our hazmat suits
Yello hey thanks for watching everybody
we are doing Teddy fresh giveaways for
the next months during this quarantine
all you have to do is go follow us on
Instagram Teddy fresh official and the
instructions will be on our giveaway
post it's very simple and everybody is
eligible to win and you can head on over
to Teddy fresh comm and see what's
cooking there's always something good I
don't know about you but I am swearing
off not just seafood all food I'm
donating see you guys next time
[Music]